Picking up where we left off in our last demo,
I'm going to go ahead and exit full screen and open up src,
main, resources, application.properties.
We want to go ahead in here and add a couple of configuration
elements. We're going to do spring.ldap.embedded.
And that's what's going to signify it's starting up the embedded server for
us. And we're going to have this specified on our classpath.
And the name of that is going to be test‑server.ldif.
Now, the next thing that we want to add inside of here is spring.ldap.embedded,
and we're going to do the base‑dn, and that is going to be
dc=pluralsight, and a comma for a dc=com, and you'll see where these
are specified in that LDIF file here in just a second.
And then the last one that we need is
spring.ldap.embedded, and we want to choose the port.
And we're going to make that =8389. Now this configuration here will start up
our embedded server for us, point to this LDIF file, load that context, and
begin our searching on this dn for any of the users that we go through inside of our application and tell it to search for.